References:

https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_meta.asp - used for meta tag examples for reference


Notes on the assignment:

Goal:
Given a webpage with CSS elements and the HTML file catering to a user:
AS A marketing agency
I WANT a codebase that follows accessibility standards
SO THAT our own site is optimized for search engines

Acceptance criteria:
GIVEN a webpage meets accessibility standards

WHEN I view the source code
THEN I find semantic HTML elements
(finished perhaps? Changed all the elements in html to match the respective images, fixed the SEO button)

WHEN I view the structure of the HTML elements
THEN I find that the elements follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning
(Rearranged the structure of the html and CSS pages to follow a top down procedure)

WHEN I view the image elements
THEN I find accessible alt attributes
(Added alt attributes to the img lines to add descriptors)

WHEN I view the heading attributes
THEN they fall in sequential order
(Heading attributes go from highest to lowest)

WHEN I view the title element
THEN I find a concise, descriptive title
(added a title to the webpage)

To do list: 
Check the source code and make sure the semantics line up.
This mean to check each element and it has an appropriate corresponding title

When viewing the structure of the HTML elements - has a reasonable structure from top to bottom based on what appears in the page.
Ask for clarification.

Update when asked below for what I should look out for:

Viewing image elements - finding accessible alt attributes. What does it mean exactly?
Making the image accessible in the image formatting by adding alt="insert description here".

Heading attributes - falling in sequential order. Clarification on what this means exactly.

viewing title element for the webpage, make sure it has a proper descriptor as the title when deployed on a website on the upper tab.

Initial thoughts after viewing and making some changes: 

The elements in the HTML file are mostly correct with some changes made to the semantics. 
Tried to do the title and elements to make sure they all line up.
Fixed the naming so all the ids and classes match with the pictures.
Made the search engine optimization button work.
Added metadata keywords and description to the header.

Made the style.css file match with the descriptions in the images and html file.
Ask about merging certain elements in the style.css file to reduce redundancies or if they should be kept for unique identifiers.
Rearranged the order to go from top to bottom starting with the header and then left side of the webpage before the right box.
Grouped the functions by named sections

Things to do and be aware of: Adding some comments in the html and some places in style.css for descriptions.
Making a proper README file based off of previous example in prework module.
Getting used to updating to github pulling and pushing

Meeting with TA: Just be prepared for tomorrow 5/23 for more details regarding the module html formatting and what the best practices are.
